Rename and move web interface guide (#1382)
meilisearch/documentation: learn/what_is_meilisearch/README.md

## Give it a try!

Instead of showing you examples, why not just invite you to test MeiliSearch interactively in the **out-of-the-box search preview interface** we deliver?

There's no need to write a single line of front-end code. All you need to do is follow [this guide](/learn/what_is_meilisearch/search_preview.md) to give the search engine a try!

> ![web interface](/web-interface.png)

Reviewer: Should we rename this and the image as well?

Author: hmmm…I guess? It's not super necessary since very few users will see it, but I don't think we risk anything by updating it. Thanks!

## Give it a try!

Instead of showing you examples, why not just invite you to test Meilisearch interactively in the **out-of-the-box search preview** we deliver?

> There's no need to write a single line of front-end code. All you need to do is follow [this guide](/learn/what_is_meilisearch/search_preview.md) to give the search engine a try!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
There's no need to write a single line of front-end code. All you need to do is follow [this guide](/learn/getting_started/quick_start.md) to give the search engine a try!
```

> ![Search preview](/search_preview.png)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
![Search preview](/search_preview_no_documents.png)
```
